feat(natives/ped): improve documentation for SET_PED_MIN_GROUND_TIME_FOR_STUNGUN (#1183)
citizenfx/natives: PED/SetPedMinGroundTimeForStungun.md

void SET_PED_MIN_GROUND_TIME_FOR_STUNGUN(Ped ped, int ms);
```

Overwrites the minimum time the ped will stay on the ground for after being stunned. Setting this while the ped is stunned will not alter the duration of the current stun (but will still effect future stunns).

> Unlike what this native's name suggests, it also effects the time for other "weapons", such as WEAPON_ELECTRIC_FENCE.

Reviewer: Maybe let's change the native name then to better reflect the effect it has. Maybe something like SET_PED_MIN_GROUND_TIME_FOR_ STUN_EFFECT

Author: I think that SET_PED_MIN_GROUND_TIME_FOR_STUNGUN is the actual native name (since it does not have an underscore prefix denoting that it is a community-named native). Maybe @AvarianKnight has some input here to confirm it or correct me on this?

Reviewer 2: We shouldn't change confirmed names.

Reviewer: Sounds good and makes sense :)

> Unlike what this native's name suggests, it also effects the time for other "weapons", such as WEAPON_ELECTRIC_FENCE.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Unlike what the native name suggestios, this works on any weapon that has its `DamageType` in the `weapons.meta` set to `ELECTRIC`.
```
I need to verify this, just an guess currently

Author: I'll leave this unresolved until it is confirmed. I'll also take a look at it sometime this afternoon.

Author: Okay, after some testing, it seems correct that this native affects all damage from weapons where the `DamageType` is set to `ELECTRIC`. I have tried this with `WEAPON_ELECTRIC_FENCE`, `WEAPON_STUNROD`, `WEAPON_STUNGUN` and `WEAPON_STUNGUN_MP`. Custom (add-on) weapons also behaved the same when the `DamageType` was set to `ELECTRIC`. I could not find a way to test `VEHICLE_WEAPON_PLAYER_LASER` and `VEHICLE_WEAPON_ENEMY_LASER`, but I presume those are just leftovers from R*.

I am pretty confident that your suggested change is indeed correct, so I am going to commit it. If you discover something that contradicts these findings, please let me know.

Passing a negative value (usually -1) into the second parameter (ms) will reset the ground time back to default (ground time will then depend on the weapon that inflicts the stun).

## Parameters
* **ped**: The ped to set the min ground time for

> * **ms**: The minimum time in milliseconds

Reviewer: Reword with "The minimum stun effect duration in milliseconds"

Author: I implemented Avarian's suggestion, but this nevertheless would have been an improvement over the original.

## Examples
```lua
-- This sets the minimum stun ground time for the player's ped to 10 seconds (and re-applies it if the player's ped changes)

local currentPed = 0
CreateThread(function()
    while true do
        local playerPed = PlayerPedId()

        -- Checks if the player ped has changed
        if currentPed ~= playerPed then
            currentPed = playerPed

            -- Sets the minimum stun ground time to 10 seconds
            SetPedMinGroundTimeForStungun(currentPed, 10000)
        end

        Wait(1000)
    end
end)
```

> ```js
> // This sets the minimum stun ground time for the player's ped to 10 seconds (and re-applies it if the player's ped changes)
> 
> let currentPed = 0;
> Delay = (ms) => new Promise(res => setTimeout(res, ms));
> 
> setTick(async () => {
>     const playerPed = PlayerPedId();
> 
>     // Checks if the player ped has changed
>     if (currentPed != playerPed) {
>         currentPed = playerPed;
> 
>         // Sets the minimum stun ground time to 10 seconds
>         SetPedMinGroundTimeForStungun(currentPed, 10000);
>     };
> 
>     await Delay(1000);
> });

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```js
// This sets the minimum stun ground time for the player's ped to 10 seconds (and re-applies it if the player's ped changes)

let currentPed = 0;

setInterval(() => {
    const playerPed = PlayerPedId();

    // Checks if the player ped has changed
    if (currentPed !== playerPed) {
        currentPed = playerPed;

        // Sets the minimum stun ground time to 10 seconds
        SetPedMinGroundTimeForStungun(currentPed, 10000);
    };
}, 1000);
```

Author: An interval does indeed seem more appropriate here. Thanks for correcting me!

```

```cs
// This sets the minimum stun ground time for the player's ped to 10 seconds (and re-applies it if the player's ped changes)

using static CitizenFX.Core.Native.API;
// ...

private int currentPed = 0;

public Main() 
{
    Tick += OnTick;
}

private async Task OnTick()
{

>     var playerPed = Game.PlayerPed.Handle;

Reviewer: Use the native instead of the wrapper, or add example for the native. See https://github.com/citizenfx/natives/pull/1148#discussion_r1702795868

Author: I was unaware of that! Thanks for letting me know. I've pushed a commit to change it.
